PART 1
INTRO
Hello everyone, and thank you all for coming to this grand anime room opening event!
As announced before, this event is just the tip of the iceberg, since this will be the first step towards an entire room dedicated only towards Japanese animation. This anime database works the exact same way it does with videogames, meaning that you'll be hearing 30 second long samples of anime music and songs, and you'll need to answer with the name of the anime, with all kinds of different possible answers. All tracks appearing in this event will obviously be in the main playlist as well. The database contains more than a thousand samples, from openings, to endings, to insert songs and background music! Thanks in particular to Popeye, Morka and Shakan for helping out with all this.
This is actually only the first part of a big event, with the second wave happening tomorrow at the same time! Our selection was so big that a single event would have been way too long, with more than 180 tracks. Which is why the event you're attending right now is the first part, containing tracks from as early as the 1970s to 2007. They will all show up in chronological order, so you'll be able to guess the tracks a bit more easily than usual! This is just an introduction event, so the difficulty will be pretty low.
I hope that you'll like this very varied selection of cult tracks and songs, and I wish you good luck!
OUTRO
Congratulations to the winners, and thank you all for participating! Please remember that this is only the first part of the event, and the second will happen tomorrow at the same time, at 9pm UTC+1! We'll tackle all kinds of anime from 2008 to 2020, so I'll hope you're as eager as I am to see how it will go. And once all that's over, you'll be able to enjoy the anime database at your leisure, two days a week, until we have more than enough tracks to deal with! Thanks, and hopefully, I'll see you tomorrow!


PART 2
INTRO
Welcome back to the second part of the Anime Room Grand Opening event! If you weren't here yesterday, I'll be doing a simple recap. Once this event is over, anime songs and tracks are coming to VGMQ, and you'll be able to use them in your custom VGMQ playlists, and a special room will also be open two days a week! The reason why is because the database is still "a little bit" too small for it to be available everyday like the easy and hardcore rooms are. However, thanks to a unique "propose" tab entirely dedicated to the anime database, you will also be able to suggest your own tracks to the database, so hopefully, this limitation won't last for long!
Now, about the event. This part's content will concern anime from 2008 to 2020. Just like yesterday, all tracks will display in chronological order, so don't expect the playlist to be too hard. And once it's finally over, you'll be able to play immediately, in a brand new room, which is something big for VGMQ, considering only the easy and hardcore rooms were available for years!
And on that, good luck!

OUTRO
Thank you so much for having participated in this event, and especially, thanks so much to Ophi, Ed, Myl, Popeye, Shakan, and the entire VGMQ community for letting me supervise such an ambitious and fun project. Hopefully this will just be the beginning of something bigger, considering that the propose tab will be made available to all of you very soon. The propose tab will work the same way it does for VGM, and there will be monthly updates, depending on the amount of suggestions. Follow @vgmquiz on Twitter and get on our Discord to be sure not to miss anything when it comes to that.
For now, you're free to have fun in the dedicated room in a few minutes, if everything works fine! Just please remember that some tracks are unavailable in the public room, to avoid the over-playing of some overly-represented series, like Gundam, for example. But they're all accessible in the custom playlist settings, as long as you check the right options. The new room also has exclusive hares, which will get periodically updated as time passes! There's even a functioning pictionary which works just fine with anime covers instead of games! With that, I hope you'll have a lot of fun, and I'll see you soon!